Documentation of Ancestral Caddo Ceramic Vessels in the Smith
County Historical Museum Collections 
https://scholarworks.sfasu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2482&context=ita
Perttula, T. K. 2011 The Ceramic Artifacts from the Lang Pasture Site (41AN38) and the Place of the Site within an Upper Neches River Basin Caddo Ceramic Tradition. In Archeological Investigations at the Lang Pasture Site (41AN38) in the Upper Neches River Basin of East Texas, assembled and edited by T. K. Perttula, D. B. Kelley, and R. A. Ricklis, pp. 145-320. Archeological Studies Program Report No. 129. Texas Department of Transportation, Environmental Affairs Division, Austin.
Perttula, T. K. 2012 The Character of Fifteenth- to Seventeenth-Century Caddo Communities in the Big Cypress Creek Basin of Northeast Texas. In The Archaeology of the Caddo, edited by T. K. Perttula and C. P. Walker, pp. 363-410. University of Nebraska Press, Lincoln.
Perttula, T. K. 2013 Caddo Ceramics in East Texas. Bulletin of the Texas Archeological Society 84:181-212.
Perttula, T. K. 2014 The Horton Site (41CP16) on Big Cypress Creek in the East Texas Pineywoods. Journal of Northeast Texas Archaeology 43:27-43.
Perttula, T. K. and B. Nelson 2013 Two Middle Caddo Period Habitation Sites and Cemeteries in the Sabine River Basin, Gregg County, Texas. Special Publication No. 27. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K. and M. Thacker 2014 Analysis of New Artifact Collections from Archaic to Ancestral Caddo Sites in the Saline Creek Basin in Northern Smith County, Texas. Journal of Northeast Texas Archaeology 43:1-25.
Perttula, T. K., P. S. Marceaux, and B. Nelson 2012a Study of the Margaret Hinton Collection of Pottery Vessels from Northeast Texas Caddo Cemeteries. Special Publication No. 24. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Austin and Pittsburg.
Perttula, T. K., B. Nelson, and R. Z. Selden, Jr. 2013 Documentation of Cemeteries and Funerary Offerings from Sites in the Upper Neches River Basin, Anderson, Cherokee, and Smith Counties, Texas. Special Publication No. 26. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., B. Nelson, and M. Walters 2012b Caddo Archaeology at the Henry Spencer Site (41UR315) in the Little Cypress Creek Basin of East Texas. Special Publication No. 20. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., R. Z. Selden, Jr., and B. Nelson 2014 A Catalog of Selected Caddo Ceramic Vessels in the Buddy Jones Collection at the Gregg County Historical Museum. Special Publication No. 30. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, and B. Nelson 2009a Documentation of the Native American Ceramic Vessels from Northeast Texas, Southern Arkansas, and Eastern Oklahoma in the Boyce Smith Museum in Troup, Texas. Special Publication No. 8. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, and B. Nelson 2010a Caddo Pottery Vessels and Pipes from Sites in the Big Cypress, Sulphur, Neches-Angelina, and Middle Sabine River Basins in the Turner and Johns Collections, Camp, Cass, Cherokee, Harrison, Morris, Titus, and Upshur Counties, Texas and Sabine Parish, Louisiana. Special Publication No. 10. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, and B. Nelson 2010b Caddo Pottery Vessels and Pipes from the Johns Site (41CP12) in the Big Cypress Creek Basin in the Turner and Johns Collections, Camp County, Texas. Special Publication No. 11. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Austin and Pittsburg.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, and B. Nelson 2012c Little Cypress Creek Basin Archaeology: Six Late Caddo Period Cemeteries in Upshur County, Texas. Special Publication No. 22. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Austin and Pittsburg.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, S. Marceaux, and B. Nelson 2009b Caddo Pottery Vessels and Pipes from Sites in the Middle and Upper Sabine and Upper Neches River Basins, Smith and Wood Counties, Texas. Special Publication No. 7. Friends of Northeast Texas Archaeology, Pittsburg and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, R. Cast, B. Gonzalez, and B. Nelson 2007 Documentation of Funerary Offerings from a Prehistoric Caddo Burial at Site 41WD244, Wood County, Texas. Caddo Nation of Oklahoma and Archeological & Environmental Consultants, LLC, Binger and Austin.
Perttula, T. K., M. Walters, B. Nelson, B. Gonzalez, and R. Cast, with a contribution by R. G. Franciscus 2010c Documentation of Associated and Unassociated Caddo Funerary Objects in the Stephen F. Austin State University Collections, Nacogdoches, Texas. Stephen F. Austin State University Press, Nacogdoches.
Suhm, D. A. and E. B. Jelks (editors) 1962 Handbook of Texas Archeology: Type Descriptions. Special Publication No. 1, Texas Archeological Society, and Bulletin No. 4, Texas Memorial Museum, Austin. Reprinted in 2009, Gustav’s Library, Davenport, Iowa.
Thurmond, J. P. 1990 Archeology of the Cypress Creek Drainage Basin, Northeastern Texas and Northwestern Louisiana. Studies in Archeology 5. Texas Archeological Research Laboratory, The University of Texas at Austin.
